arcissus reads (1 Corinthians 13, Without Love)

The tongue that makes men of angels, 
writhes in sounding brass mouth, a clanging cymbal.  Call the gift: prophetic, an all-mystery knowledge.  The faith that this is nothing but removal of mountains. 
 All my goods bestowed to feed; 
my body, to be burned, profits nothing.  This is a kind, long suffering. Never envy the parade. 
My lips behave rudely, clinched jaw to not provoke evil. 

To require rejoice with iniquitous truth;
 if we can call it bearable of all things. 
I will cease to speak failed-prophesy 
for when that which is real comes that which is dead 

will be done away. As a child,
I spoke as a boy, I understood as broken, 
I thought as a ghost; but when I renamed this body, 
I put away childish things.  

In dim mirror, unknowable is how I am often known: 
a language abiding in a great & hopeless faith.Lyrebird 

i wish my mouth 
told you less about chainsaws
my song 	a buzzing now—	
this the only squawk i know. 
after my sprawling: a groove. 	i wait 
for a mate to meet me 	until then	 my lament: 
a camera shutter. 	my screech only knows what it hears
i can gab to all the other birds 	in native hoots	make my own kind 
unsure of my gawking plumage. yet 	this is the only caw to keep me going	 
stand in the clearing, a bushel & leaf stage	 hear my range		warbles & trills. 		
this beak a barreling of bulldozers	of a throat 	built for spectacle. 	
a call 		from habitat unnatural. 			mechanics whiz 		
an unmistakable static 		beneath my breast-bone. 	almost 
a mocking. 			beneath my feathers are klaxons.
oh, to be a siren? 	wouldn’t that be beautiful: 	
to reply back to the sky 
a more appealing 
coo. 

We Cannot Grieve What Doesn’t Leave Us, Or I’ll Be at Every Function. 

The only man I have killed lived in my body // At his funeral / I’m in the back of the mezzanine wearing black jean-booty shorts / oversized white t-shirt / with my own face air-brushed / metallic lavender // I am his widow / & his only son // Below / people are laughing / not weeping / because they are in on the joke // This cathedral / tailored / & fitted for a casket / is a new unspeakable familiar // Safer than mother’s heels / was double knot tie / & monogramed cufflinks // The gag is: even in rigor the corpse smiles // The coffin is rented // The suit mine // All of this is to be burned // He never saw a need for daisies // Drown his ashes in red solo cup / & piss him across the clearing / a mile from the house // If a few could make the journey / if only to listen to the wind / consider that something kind —

At the repast, I dance.
I pink my hands in lipstick. 
I shift weight in sea-foam skirts. 
There never enough eyes to question, 
if had always been here.
So when someone calls for me
 to reveal
 — my trained smile-mouth 
lifts the veil, 
I perform my favorite tricks again. 
Called an apparition so often, 
I longed for the familiar ghost.
My mother will tell someone 
how I am, now, divine; 
that she always discerned.
I am a conjurer, 
every prayer required a sacrifice: 

		I call this look everything I got away with.		

In the wake, 
I am a different kind of breeze, 
in heaven, holding whatever 
binds me to this earth.
The Buffalo Cloud Passes The Live Oak 

	:the unsolicited text message 
talking about how you feel me,
crossing above you
branches rooted 
in land known from cumulus memory
you remind me to be familiar
ask how the sun feels above me
& I become an silent expanse
my cover forming extinct pasture overhead.

type: hope [your] respirations are working
believe your air is keeping me afloat
or even the current underneath — shifting 
wish me a weather pattern 
that doesn’t make your joints ache 
each writhing pain a-new 
ring-around your dwindling trunk
shade keeps you — recurring 
as you need, as long as you can. 

I have already seen how this storm plays out
how much of my thunder makes you shiver
how much lighting is required to strike
tumbling silently to my self:
	not every drought deserves satisfaction. 

ask: how [I] could suddenly be so far? 
as if this altitude was not the only reason you saw me at all. 

prepare a forecast
of endless unanswered love notes, 
screenshots collecting dust.

white. savior. black. messiah. 

Naw, 	I can’t fuck you no more cause the way this body is set up, I can’t hold it. Your hands, trying to locate freedom in the small of my back. You, a trifling thing, got this good-good all kinds of fucked up. How I loved you was a swallowing, I loved you a gnawing grit. Yet, you tell me I’m too bitter to lick. Too nigger to laugh.		 Say I needed you —it’s own kind of tragedy— a death I have learned to sing to my-self.
		
Can’t freak what you can’t fuck, 		can’t tell me nothing bout nightmare, this mouth, a ghost-tongue hollering back some horror. See, you ain’t even all that anyway 		& I ain’t never claimed to be more than here, now, trying. You the one calling me phantasm, another spook you know how to haunt. You have suckled the last of this tar, this fuming. You, all writhing & twitching: tell me how speechlessness gathers around your mouth in excessive spittle. 	

We had fun, sure, 	you may even have caught me smiling, 	but I’ve always known clowns: pale-faced & tricky. Known monsters: glimmering teeth & feral breath. Can’t fright a phantom out of body he never owned. You ain’t the scariest thing I’ve ever known, not in this life,		& trust, you ain’t the first to hear this. But I pray you're the last: I can’t die, again, for you. You can’t raise the dead in kind, you can’t hold the past in tonight. Meaning well, a generous malice. 	I been known you, been known pleasantry as warning shot, been known death as love-song.		

& I get it, it’s not suppose to feel like this, 	like you just hung me from my own lips, again. Like all this choking, slobbering is my own, a gagging to moan itself pleased. You taught me this body as a bubbling mess, a rotting matter — dying & always. 	But, if ever your are sniffing for a body you think you can resurrect, see my stone as already moved. See my miracle ascending, remember how I made your bitten-tongue, swollen. Made it combust, made it remember this blood, made it the concessions I know too well: ash, ember, & warmth. 	

So, when you return to your disciples, tell them I am the grime that lines you. Tell them my sweat & all that remains is a residue of what they cannot save; 	in the ruins of our communion, it is my grave left for them to find.
in(t)elegance: a conspiracy theory 

you can make almost a million dollars by killing one angel outside his house 
the deep state is located in a police locker-room / they plan war games 
over dinner / this is not a lie.

this could be a lie, but our destruction is definitely an inside job / or 
at least CIA-funded.

they build super-predator soldiers out of crack & dollar bills / hang them 
out to dry in the street 	for (4) hours.

a Black man can be assassinated sleeping in his bedroom, shot next to his wife 
& unborn / a Black girl can be taken, sleeping on her Grandmothers’ couch
these aren’t lies / these aren’t accidents / those aren’t images or illustrations 
between the lines are living Black is a federal offense.

some free handouts from my government name: 
the prison industrial complex can melt steel beams 
the alt-right killed JFK.

every sleeper cell in Amerikkka is a group of white boys watching 
The Daily Show, trying not to masturbate to each others inadequacies. 

the conspiracy is calling it art instead of news / declaring life is an act 
of terrorism.

your house is not your home unless it is secure / this is a lie 
your house is not your home unless is it on fire / this is lie 
your house is never your home, all you have is the fire

they don’t teach us the real reason we never sing the last verse 
of the national anthem / slavery wasn’t so bad if you profited 
from it / Black people are always late because we are stuck 
in the middle of the ocean, indefinitely.

the world is scheduled to end yesterday 
the doomsday clock doesn’t consider colored people time   
we’ve already lived though an apocalypse.

but this is all a simulation
run by select group of endangered lizards who control the stock
exchange / this could be a lie.

facts are meant to be broken, rules are meant to be disproved 
truth can be tailored with the right measurements / tongues can 
be cut with the right language / lives can be stolen with the right
history. 

language is the last organic thing to grow on the planet / all things
can still name themselves Arbitrary / this is not a lie / which common 
sense do you use here? this is to resemble what you call nonsense   
all to disguise such treacherous imagery.   

assume every camera has already taken your face, 	
plastered it on the wall, 	writes your name in it’s journal, 	doodles hearts around your visage   	this is a lie   	but every  camera does identify you by your bad side   		on a tiny screen is a undisclosed location, 	the panopticon 	is being updated.  

it’s a madness constantly looking over your shoulder to only find 
a void /they listen to how you speak to yourself & make sure 
all messages are transmitted.

it is in the water / it is in the wires / it is in the air 
filter the rain / everything is contaminated.

our immunes system are failing / the land can’t call in sick 

there has to be something hurdling toward us that we don’t 
now know about /dear sky of midnight mass, we ask your 
devastation strike us down.

the moon landing wasn’t staged, but NASA has been 
colonizing since the 60’s /all the Martians are on reservations 
& Venusians are being brought over by the spaceship-load. 

we missed the first contact by looking at the wrong abyss 
THEY were already here / THEY already left
THEY didn’t like what they saw
THEY found all the undetonated bombs WE left scattered 
around the house & realized WE are the most savage in the galaxy.

the Earth is not flat / though I couldn’t tell you differently 
this a lie /satellites are real / they hover, twinkly ghosts 
above a hostile atmosphere.

say three Hail Mary’s & cover your heart in aluminum foil
the communion wine is locally grown in from gentrified soil
but Bread Incorporated has bought the body of Jesus.

too much of the food we eat is plastic / this is not a lie
there are wood-chips in your parmesan cheese
gum chewers are 14 times as likely to have a mound of play-doh 
the size of a tennis ball in their stomachs / this is a lie.

the water is safe to drink / not sure how the truth works here 
the water was safe to drink today, but last week it was not 
this is not a lie.

the water needs to be tested / not sure how pipes work here.
the water needs to be tested again, but it has returned to previous levels, 
of acceptable contamination
this is not a lie.

they have poisoned whole cities /  this is not a lie. 

if Arlington Cemetery becomes overbooked, 
where shall we place the veterans left to die, 
again / they don’t want liberty or justice for y’all / this is a lie
they sell liberty & justice, but it’s a ponzi scheme 
of identity politics & the “real” working class.  

there is no civility in democracy / they want you to believe your votes count
they want you to not be able to vote / they are trying every way to count you out

a watchlist grows of those who won’t survive in Amerikkka.
IMQUEERIALISM ONE

Sgt. Faggot star-spangels a rainbow flag over impossible land. 
	Who deserves the right to die for a chance  to kill? 
The regime replaced glee with gore. 
	Because war without revolution is just colonialism in drag. 
Operation Someone Elses’ Freedom. 
	Sgt. Faaggot salutes the mother of all glitterbombs, 
as dismembered infidel kitten heels scatter across deserts & jungles. 
	Coming to the stage: Sgt. Faggot & the Unmarked Graves. 
All troops enjoy a good show. 
	An oasis of unmaking a soldier out of themselves. 
When the only way to live is sacrifice, which god never asks but always tells?  
	Sgt. Faggot recruits at parades & on late night talk shows. 
Yet, who can forget the war at home? Where the debris isn’t toppled building but
	black girl (mis)named Terror, left to rot in public parking lot. 
Sgt. Faggot doesn’t write home anymore. Home has become a platooned body 
	of gunpowder, of revelry. Sgt. Faggot leads the dainty delegation of (un)real men 
& women barricaded within themselves. They storm the dancefloor 
	to make it a borderless barracks. How does citizenship work here? 
Sgt. Faggot returns from war: discharged, disposed, dishonorably civilian again. 
PSA #18 

we hereby declare now the end of end-of-days
we have been talking about apocalypse too long

	(don’t daisies still sprout from the concrete?) 
we guess we are still nuclear fatalities 

	but none of this babble with will be worth its breath in blood
	prophesy can’t clean water or withstand radiation

we could argue we are doomed 
	but we also believe that this is how things are to shake out 

	(shake down? rot? play out?) we don’t need truth
we have all read a version of the book of Revelations

we all believe in our own gods
we have not concluded on the possible cowardice of rapture

we unanimously want to make this all stop
we still recognize Holidays 

	to remind us of how human we believed we needed to be
we spend dollars like they are different than the trees

we don’t need truth (we don’t need truth?) we need good 
we have an addiction to a succulent kind of convenience

	a rich & decadent desire to not fucking deal with this shit any more
we can’t blame ourselves more than we already have

we don’t need truth / we need prayers & thoughts 
	to have half-life longer than regulatory shadowboxes

we have never wanted to be governed / we only wanted to sleep at night
we have never wanted freedom / we have only wanted rest

	best when it warms our hearts but how combustible is our hope held fragile
we say we want truth to make us believe / we want to sleep at night

we want the worst of it to happen
we want to see if we are lucky for another side

we are constantly benefiting from the death of someone else
we have not been conditioned to even hear truth / we know truth exists

	now the dead languages are mocking everything they taught us to mouth.
